Starting with the practical gives you conceptual framework or context to hang a lot of theory on. And makes it accessible. When you just try to start with the theory it makes it incredible dry, hard to learn, you probably won't remember much - it's kinda a waste of time.
But when you start with the practical - and then use that as sort of a way to make the theory relevant, because you need to solve your problem - that's the way to go!

"When you are experienced you know how to find a reasonable approximation to the answer to almost any problem that you really going to have"
vot v chem smisl-to. ochen tochnaya postanovka. esli s etoy storoni podoyti, to nujno iskat uje konkretniy plan - "kak poluchit etot opit". to, chem vi zanimaetes, dayet niobhodimiy opit? da - horosho, net - fignya, ne variant

Well, I want to return to this core issue, which is belief, because it really is an issue. Without belief - religion evaporates; Without belief - science evaporates. We are talking about claims and evidence. And we are talking abpout in the nature of the universe. Presumably, you don't believe in Zeus, if someone stood here and said "Zeus was the greatest scientist", you've not have applauded. Let's talk honestly about what we think is true.
The truth is, that religion, as we speak of it, is based on claim that god dictates certain books. He doesn't code software, he doesn't produce films, he doesn't score symphonies... He is an author. And this claim have achieved credability because these books are deemed so profound, they can not possibly had been written by human authors. Please consider for a moment how differently we treat scientific claims and texts and discoveries.
Isaac Newton went into isolation for 18 months starting the year 1665, when he came out of his solitude - he had invented the calculus, he had discovered the laws of motion and universal gravitation. He had single-handadly created the field of optics. No one thinks this was anything else than a man's labour. And it took 200 years of continous ingenuity on the part of the smartest people who ever lived to substentially improve upon Newton's work.
How difficult would it be to improve a bible? Anyone in this room can improve this supposedly inerrant text - scientifically, historically, ethically, spiritually, - in moments if god loves us and guides with the book of morality, it's very strange to have given us a book that supports slavery, that demands that we murder people for imagenary primes, like witchcraft.
The true basis of hope in our world - is open-ended conversation, and religion has shuttered the world into competing moral communities. What we have, to convince us that love and curiosity is enough for us, and intellectual honesty is guardian of that.
